Every Interactive/Motion Effect on Zerg.ai
1. Hero background — parallax particle field
The dark background image (bg-hero.webp) moves slowly as you scroll — it shifts upward at maybe 30–40% the scroll speed. It looks like a dark 3D render of floating geometric particles/nodes in space. The parallax makes it feel like you're flying through it.
2. Scroll-triggered text reveals
Every section's headline, label, and body copy fades up from ~20px below its final position when it enters the viewport. Classic IntersectionObserver pattern. Staggered — label animates first, then headline 100ms later, then body 200ms later.
3. The Challenge accordion
The four challenge items sit collapsed. On hover, the item highlights (border brightens slightly, text goes full white from dim). On click, the body text slides open with a smooth max-height transition. The counter fraction like 0.1/0.4 ticks up as you expand items.
4. "How It Works" sticky scroll
This is the most impressive effect. As you scroll through the section, the left column text (step descriptions) stays sticky while the right column image swaps. Each image (approach-1.webp through approach-4.webp) cross-fades as its corresponding text block enters the scroll zone. Built with either GSAP ScrollTrigger or IntersectionObserver.
5. Benefits grid — hover glow
Each of the 6 benefit cards: on hover, the cyan icon brightens (opacity goes from ~40% to 100%), and a very subtle background glow appears behind the card — like rgba(125,216,232,0.04) radial gradient that fades in.
6. Comparison table — column highlight
The Zerg column has a permanent subtle highlight. On hover over any row, the whole row highlights across all three columns simultaneously.
7. The "Get Started" CTA section
Has that serrated SVG top edge that looks like a film strip or data bars. It's actually a decorative SVG that creates a visual transition from the content above — makes the section feel like it's on a different layer.
8. Nav scroll behaviour
Nav starts transparent with no background. After scrolling ~80px, it transitions to a semi-transparent dark background with backdrop-blur. Very smooth CSS transition.
9. CTA button hover
The SCHEDULE A DEMO button: on hover the > arrow shifts right a few pixels (translateX animation), and the border brightens slightly.

How to Implement All of This in Replit
Here's exactly how to tell Replit to build each one:

Tell Replit this:

Add the following interactive animations to the site using vanilla JavaScript (no external libraries except GSAP loaded from CDN if needed):

1. Scroll reveal on all sections
Use IntersectionObserver. When any element with class .reveal enters the 
viewport, add class .visible which triggers:
  opacity: 0 → 1
  transform: translateY(20px) → translateY(0)
  transition: 600ms ease
  
Stagger children inside .reveal-group with 100ms delays using 
animation-delay on each child.
2. Sticky scroll image swap (How It Works section)
Make the left text column position:sticky, top:50vh.
As user scrolls through each step, use IntersectionObserver on each 
.step-block. When a step is 50% in viewport, swap the right-side image 
by cross-fading (opacity transition 400ms) to the corresponding image.
Give each step a data-image="url" attribute.
3. Accordion (Challenge section)
Each .accordion-item: clicking toggles class .open
.open causes the .accordion-body to animate from max-height:0 to 
max-height:200px with overflow:hidden and transition 350ms ease.
On hover (not click), border-color transitions from rgba(255,255,255,0.1) 
to rgba(255,255,255,0.3) and the title goes full opacity white.
4. Hero parallax
On scroll, update the hero background-position-y:
  document.addEventListener('scroll', () => {
    const y = window.scrollY * 0.35
    hero.style.backgroundPositionY = `calc(50% + ${y}px)`
  })
5. Nav background on scroll
On scroll past 80px, add class .scrolled to nav:
  .scrolled { background: rgba(15,17,23,0.88); backdrop-filter: blur(20px); }
  transition: background 300ms ease
6. Benefits hover glow
Each .benefit-card on mouseenter:
  The .benefit-icon SVG strokes animate to full opacity (CSS transition)
  A radial-gradient background fades in behind the card using 
  pseudo-element ::after with opacity 0 → 1
7. CTA button arrow nudge
.btn-primary:hover .btn-arrow { transform: translateX(5px); }
transition: transform 200ms ease
The arrow glyph (→) should be in its own span with class .btn-arrow
8. Cursor glow (optional — very Zerg)
Create a div#cursor-glow that follows the mouse:
  position: fixed, pointer-events: none, z-index: 9999
  width/height: 400px, border-radius: 50%
  background: radial-gradient(circle, rgba(125,216,232,0.06) 0%, transparent 70%)
  transform: translate(-50%, -50%)
  
  document.addEventListener('mousemove', e => {
    cursorGlow.style.left = e.clientX + 'px'
    cursorGlow.style.top = e.clientY + 'px'
  })
This last one — the cursor glow — is subtle but it's what makes premium dark sites feel alive. The cyan radial follows your mouse across the whole page like a soft light source. Very achievable in pure vanilla JS, no libraries.
